`bazel run -- //tools:update_integrity foomod` to fill source.json SRI hashes (#1407)
bazelbuild/bazel-central-registry: docs/README.md

If you are the project owner, you can set up the [Publish to BCR](https://github.com/apps/publish-to-bcr) Github App for your repository to automatically send a PR to the BCR when cutting a new release.

> When manually editing files you may find `bazel run -- //tools:update_integrity foomod` useful to calculate the integrity hashes in foomod's sources.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When manually editing files you may find `bazel run -- //tools:update_integrity foomod` useful to update the integrity hashes in foomod's source.json file.
```

> 

Reviewer: Could you also mention that this uses the latest version by default and that `--version` can be used to override it?

Author: ```suggestion
The tool also accepts a `--version` option to update the source.json of a specific version of the module (instead of latest).

```
